hello main lesson topic
circle filling algorithms
prepare everything you need
today we will fill the circles
them which intersect on the face
the side and the length of which depends
drawing we know how to embroider a circle
where the line connects the neighboring point then
it turns out filling along the contour with
broken line or solid line
algorithm is a repetitive action
you can apply this basic algorithm
on a circle with any number of points
to explain the basic algorithm we
take the circle divided into 12 points
circle allows above 3 new
when between points 1 and 2 you can
skip one point
two points
3.
clean points
five points
main algorithm for filling the circle
steps forward line down clockwise
arrow step small forward adjacent
point on the wrong side
length step back
line up counterclockwise step
little forward the next point on
seamy side
sharden and forward line down clockwise
arrow step small forward adjacent
point on the wrong side
length step back line up versus
clock hand
step small forward adjacent point on
seamy side
and
solid line on seamy side
the circle allows you to embroider lines where
between points 1 and 2, you can skip two
points
on the wrong side of the broken line
superimposed on each other stitches
now we embroider a line when between
points 1 and 2 you can skip three points
and
got a filling circle
the stars on the seamy side are solid
line
between points 1 and 2 you can skip
four points
on the wrong side if not accustomed the
superimposed on each other stitches
fill the line circumference when between
points 1 and 2 5 points
on the wrong side of the dashed line
knot and request nasty beautiful pattern
It turns out if all five are embroidered
circles on one circle
we embroider circles with overlapping each
friend's first higher circle through
five points
old circle after 4
next three points
now and sew through two points
and end in one circle.
the pattern is ready for new meetings